Add sequence length for generative models and llama tests (#251)
huggingface/optimum-neuron: docs/source/guides/models.mdx

### Configuring the export of a generative model

As for non-generative models, two sets of parameters can be passed to the `from_pretrained()` method to configure how a transformers checkpoint is exported to
a neuron optimized model:

- `compiler_args = { num_cores, auto_cast_type }` are optional arguments for the compiler, these arguments usually control how the compiler makes tradeoff between the inference latency and throughput and the accuracy.

> - `input_shapes = { batch_size, sequence_length }` correspond to the static shape of the model input and Key, Value cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `input_shapes = { batch_size, sequence_length }` correspond to the static shape of the model input and the KV-cache (attention keys and values for past tokens).
```

- `auto_cast_type` specifies the format to encode the weights. It can be one of `fp32` (`float32`), `fp16` (`float16`) or `bf16` (`bfloat16`). Defaults to `fp32`.
- `batch_size` is the number of input sequences that the model will accept. Defaults to 1,
- `sequence_length` is the maximum number of tokens in an input sequence. Defaults to `max_position_embeddings` (`n_positions` for older models).

```diff
from transformers import AutoTokenizer
-from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM
+from optimum.neuron import NeuronModelForCausalLM

# Instantiate and convert to Neuron a PyTorch checkpoint
+compiler_args = {"num_cores": 1, "auto_cast_type": 'fp32'}
+input_shapes = {"batch_size": 1, "sequence_length": 512}
-model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("gpt2")
+model = NeuronModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("gpt2", export=True, **compiler_args, **input_shapes)
```

As explained before, these parameters can only be configured during export.
This means in particular that during inference:

- the `batch_size` of the inputs should be equal to the `batch_size` used during export,
- the `length` of the input sequences should be lower than the `sequence_length` used during export,

> - the maximum nember of tokens (input + generated) cannot exceed the `sequence_length` used during export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the maximum number of tokens (input + generated) cannot exceed the `sequence_length` used during export.
```
